---
title: Recurring Dream
published: 2024-07-25
description: ''
image: ''
tags: ['30 days challenge', 'horror', 'mystery']
category: 'writing'
draft: false 
---

I have been having this weird recurring dream for the past few months. They don't have any fixed interval between them. The next one might occur the very next day or even take a month. I've only ever told very few of my friends about this. It's my first time sharing these weird dreams online. I don't remember the exact date but it all began six or seven months ago. It was around the time my best friend Ryan went missing.

I was running through the woods alone. It was dark but I could still see, although not clearly. I didn't know where I was, there were no forests or anything like that near where I lived, or why I was running. All I remembered was that I was scared. That struck me as odd. I mean I'm not easily scared. It seem rather weird taking about myself like that, but I'm the type of person to face any problem head on. I wanted to turn around and look at what I was running from but my mind kept saying "Don't turn around. No matter what you do, DO NOT TURN AROUND." I kept running but I was really curious. I mean I didn't know what I was running from, why was I even scared. I stopped. After the sound I was making while running had ceased, I could hear my heart beat. *thump-thump-thuMP-THUMP-THUMP* I turned around very slowly. I saw nothing. I heard nothing. My heart began to beat even faster. *THUMPTHUMPTHUMPTHUMPTHUMP*  That's when I heard a sound coming from my back. It sounded like a branch cracking. I quickly turned around to see a shadow move behind some trees ahead. My fears had vanished at that point but my heart still kept beating faster and faster. I ran towards the sound now keeping my eyes ahead. I could feel something in my hands, I was gripping it tightly but I didn't know what it was. I didn't even bother to look at it. I just keep running towards the trees. When I was finally about to see what was behind those trees, I woke up. 

I was all sweaty when I woke up the next day. I tried to forget the weird dream and went to school. Ryan noticed something was wrong and asked me if something happened. Ryan and I were best friends from childhood. We both would know right away if anything was on each other's mind. I told him about the dream. He tried to cheer me up and after some time we were both laughing about it. By the time I went home, I barely remembered about the weird dream. I went to sleep that night feeling just as better as I was the night before. I was running through the woods again. It seemed like it was the same place but something felt different. I was scared again and my heart was beating faster. But this time I knew why I was scared. I knew something was chasing me and that I should keep running. I didn't want to look back. I kept running and running and running. My legs were growing weaker and I could hear my breadths getting louder. My vision was getting blurry. That's when I tripped and fell. I knew that the thing that was chasing me heard that. It was coming for me quicker and quicker. I tried to get up and run but I was too tired. My legs gave out. I sat beside some trees. I closed my eyes and prayed that he wouldn't find me. I was praying when I felt something in front of me. When I opened my eyes, I saw the sharp ax, shinning in the moonlight, coming towards me.

I woke up again sweats all over me. This time I wasn't worried like yesterday, maybe second time it had lost its uneasiness. I went to school that day early. I was waiting for Ryan to tell him about the dream but he didn't show up. After the school was over, I went over to Ryan's. His house was locked and his parents were nowhere to be seen. I thought at the time that maybe he and his parents went over to his grandma's house. He was telling me that his grandma was sick. I went home after that. That night I didn't have that weird dream and if I remember correctly I didn't have that dream for quite some time. 

It had been few weeks since Ryan had disappeared. Some of the students in the class began to make theories. Some said he ran away, while some said he was kidnapped. I was so sick of hearing them talk about Ryan that I left the classroom and went to the roof. It seemed Sam saw me leaving the classroom making a face that looked like I was about to knock someone out. He came to the roof and sat beside me. "I heard what those guys were taking about Ryan. I can't imagine how you must feel." Sam was a year or two younger that me and the rest of the class for that matter. Despite that he was the most considerate and matured. "Me feeling angry at them isn't going to bring Ryan back. I am more frustrated at the fact that no one seems to know what happened to him. The police are doing all they can but there haven't been anything about him. He seemed fine and lively the day before." I told Sam everything about the day before he disappeared, the dream, how he cheered me up, how lively he was. It felt a little better after taking with Sam. 

The feeling didn't last long. When I got home, I saw my mother sitting on a couch. "Come here, Damien." Her voice was soft. I thought something was wrong. I sat beside her. "What is it?" I looked at her. Her face was dark and somber. "The police said they found Ryan's bag at the side of a road quite far from here." I felt some relieve, finally some lead. Maybe now they can find Ryan very soon. When I looked at mom, I saw that she didn't share my thought. I could see that she had thought about the worst. It was not only her, even his parents seemed like they had lost all their hope. I didn't say anything and went to my room. I felt like I was about to cry. Was I the only one who still believed Ryan was still out there. I wouldn't lose hope like the rest of them, I decided. No matter how long it takes I will keep on believing that I will see him again. I didn't eat much that night and went straight to bed after dinner. When I opened my eyes, I was running through the woods again. Something my behind me, I could feel it. I could hear its footsteps running after me. I was running, tears falling from my eyes. I felt like my heart was going to come out of my mouth. But I knew I mustn't stop no matter what. I kept running, trying to run faster and faster. I felt my legs moving faster that normal but somehow I seemed slow. I could feel the thing was closing in on me and sooner or later it would catch me. From the corner of my eyes I saw what seemed like a body. I changed my direction and ran towards it. When I was right in front of it, I couldn't believe my eyes. My head was spinning fast. I stumbled to the grounds. I screamed so hard, I lost my voice for some time. I went near the body. His face was swollen. Maggots were crawling inside and out of his mouth. A larva had burrowed itself inside one of his eyeball while the other was not there leaving other group of maggots crawling inside the empty socket. More insects were swarming on top of his head. His body was swollen and decomposing. His entrails were leaking out of a ghastly opening in his gut. I felt angry. Who could have done this to Ryan?

It was right beside me, I felt. I wasn't scared of it anymore. I was angry. It had done this to Ryan. I wouldn't let it do the same to me. I had to revenge Ryan. I would kill it. I turned around to face it. What I saw standing over me was- was me! I couldn't believe my eyes. I saw myself standing there holding the ax in his hand. My body would not move. I was completely frozen. All I could do was watch as I saw myself as he raise the ax in his hand and brought it down with full force towards my head. Just as the ax struck my head, I woke up feeling the top of my head with my hands. My head was perfectly fine. I got up and did my morning routine as usual. I tried to forget the last night's dream. I quickly had breakfast and went to school. I could hear the commotion inside the class from quite afar. I was scared. Was it something to do with Ryan? Had they found him? Or parhaps.. NO. That couldn't be.

"Did you hear? Sam has disappeared from his house." I heard someone say, I couldn't tell who. My head began to spin like in the dream last night. Before I knew it, I fell to the floor. When I woke up, the school nurse was standing in front of me. "You need to rest. Stay here as much as you need." She left. Sam too had disappeared. The thoughts, and there were many, were jumping all over in my mind. But this time I didn't feel dizzy. I knew what I had to do now. I needed to be sure. When the nurse came back in I asked her. "Can I tell you something?". She came closer to my bed. "I have been having this weird dream lately. In this dream I seem to be running from something. I don't know who or what I'm running from but I'm scared. But I always wake up before anything happens." After I told her in detail about the dream, she thought for a few seconds. It looked like she was deciding whether or not to ask. "Since when did it start?" She said finally. "Af-after Ryan disappeared." She told me to rest well and if I needed to stay at home for a few days, She would ask the principal for me. "Thank you. But I think I don't have to take leave from school. Well maybe just for today." As I was getting up, she said to me, "You wait here, I'll go tell the principle and bring your bag."

I took a long time to reach home and went straight to my room. I was just lying there in my bed for a long time. I wasn't tinking of anything in particular. After having dinner, I stayed there with mom to watch some late night shows. After a couple of shows, I got tired and went to my room. I got into my bed and was trying to guess what would happen today. If I were correct about my theory, what would that mean. 

I was running through the woods again but this time I was not scared. I was excited. I had an ax in my hand. I didn't need to look back this time. I knew my target was in front of me. I ran faster and faster when I started to see a figure running in front of me. She was looking back from time to time and when she caught a glimpse of me, she was terrified and tried to run even faster. But the harder she tried, the faster I was. The gap between us kept getting smaller and smaller until she was an arms length away from me. She fell and was crawling away. I could hear her crying, I could picture the tears falling from her eyes. She tried to speak but could't get any words out. Maybe she was trying to beg me to leave her. But I had to make sure. I had to know. I struck her with the ax with as much force as I could muster. Her skull cracked open and she fell flat on the ground. A little ahead was Sam's body. I suddenly turned my head the other way but the image latched onto my mind. His horrified face as he fell on the ground. Before I realized, tears were now running down my face. I tried to stop the tears, to control myself but I kept seeing Sam's horrified face and Ryan's decomposing bodies. I held the ax with both hands and with all my powers I struck my own head.

I woke up feeling intense pain in my head. When I felt where the pain was, for a second I thought I felt blood. It was nothing and the pain gradually went away. When I went to school, everyone's face was dark. They all seem scared, students, teacher. Some of the parents were there. "They are talking about closing the school down for some time." Ramsey seemed liked he could cry any moment. "Why?" I asked him. Ramsey looked surprised. "Didn't you hear, Nurse Sally disappeared yesterday. The police have no clue who is behind these disappearance but they thing it might be something related to school." "So there is no school today. Well I'll be going home." I started walking. "Wait! I'm coming too. I don't wanna go alone." Ramsey came running after me. "Do you wanna hear this weird dream I keep seeing. I think you could do well with a distraction." "Is it scary?" "Yes. Well maybe some other time then." I smiled.

The school reopened after few weeks. I didn't tell anyone about those dream for more than a month. I finally told Ramsey about it as I promised. After that, I only told 2 other people about this dream. I didn't want to do it frequently for the fear that school might be closed again or people would move out of the town thinking it was cursed. For a long time I couldn't decide whether to put this online. I didn't even knew it worked or not. I checked with the last person I told the dream about over a private forum and it worked. But even if it worked I didn't know what I would do if a bunch of people read it and they all showed up in my dream. Well today I've decided to do it. I'm putting it all online. If you have read it my one piece of advice to you is that if you dream yourself running through some woods DO NOT I REPEAT DO NOT TURN BACK AND DO NOT STOP RUNNING.
