---
title: the-wall
published: 2024-07-24
description: ''
image: ''
tags: ['30 days challenge', 'wtf']
category: 'writing'
draft: false 
---

Henry woke up at 8 am like usual, oblivious to the fact that he was gonna die at exactly 8:44. He would b- "What the hell! Who is that?" He heard someone taking. "Yea. YOU. you fucker. Who the fuck are you? And Where the fuck are you?" I'm everywhere you go. As to who am I? That doesn't concern you. "Am I still dreaming?" Henry slapped himself to be sure. "Oww. That fucking hurt." It was not a dream, he realized. "Are you like a voice in my head? That kinda cool I guess." I am not just some voice in your head you flat fucking character with no personality. "That kinda hurt my feelings, you asshole. I have a personality." Oh yea, then what's your favorite color. "I- Ah-  ". That's what I thought. "Who are you then? And Who am I?" You, my friend, are a character who just came alive some hundred or more words ago and I am the one who created you and everything that you know and see. You could say I'm your god. "God my ass. Also why should I even believe you. Maybe I've gone crazy and imagining all this. And If you were the one who's writing me and all this, aren't you the crazy one? Sitting there in your bed writing a whatever the fuck this is, oh i know, sorry excuse for a story, having a conversation with a made up character." Sleeping. "What?" I'm sleeping while writing this. Not sitting. And I'll show you who is crazy.

Henry was mortified. He just saw his parents hit by a truck. Their lifeless body lying on the road, blood all over. Henry was frozen, tears came running down from his eye-. "YOU. YOU DID THIS. DIDN'T YOU?" Henry said to no one in particular. The people were looking at him sympathetically. He had gone mad after watching his parents killed, they thought. "I'M NOT MAD. I KNOW YOU ARE HEARING THIS. JUSt please stop this. PLEA-se". His voice cracked, tears falling from his eyes more and more. 

Henry woke up at 8:31 am. He was sweating all over and his eyes were red. He just had a terrible nightmare. "YOU. What was that?" That was for calling me crazy and also to prove it to you that what I said was indeed true. "Never. Fucking. Do. That. Again." I don't think I'll have the time too. Besides I've much more important things to discuss about. "And what is that?" The fact that you are dying in 11 minutes from now. "WHAT?" Yea, didn't you hear. That was the first sentence I wrote. "Right and whats there to discuss? It seems you've already decided." Well, you know, how do you feel. About dying in 11, wait that's 10, 10 minutes from now. "Its feels pretty fucking peachy. There you go. Happy now?" One last thing. "What now?" Well how about we, well you, play the game of Russian Roulette. "What's the point? I know I'll die at 9:44." I tried to think of something to pass the time and that's the first thing that came to mind.  "That's fine and all but I don't have a revolv-" I got you. Look in your drawer. "Fucking hell. Uh there is no bullet. Wait, let me guess, that's supposed to be up my ass." I was gonna say the bottom drawer but it's you last wish, what can I say. Henry clenched hard and p-. "st-stop. Don't say anything." He put the bullet in the revolver and gave the wheel a roll. He put the gun to his temple. "It's 9:37, nothings gonna come out." "See. I don't even know why you thought of this." He gave the wheel another roll. "And nothing." "And still nothing. I think my arm is gonna kill me before the bullet does. It's been only one minute and I have done this 5 times already." "This is my first time using revolver and now I can do this without think-". Henry fell to the ground. His brain and blood leaking from the hole the bullet came out. 
